So what we do in this video is just fix something I forgot to do before.
And you know if we try to sign in and we get it wrong it doesn't remember the whose name I forgot to
add that part.
So all we do is go back and decide that that deregistered up here be page if you remember we did this
earlier with our register form.
All we did is have a value out of you on the text boxes.
They're called this get input value function that we wrote here.
So we get in value right here.
Just takes a name and a guess that post variable with that name.
Okay.
So all I need to do is add that to the to the use and just box and that's it.
So go down to the username text box inside the log in form and then just per value.
And then what did we call this.
That should be logged in username caja because member it goes off the name.
So log in username and that's it.
Now reverse the page.
If I resubmit that Form sadeh rescanning then I'll get the password wrong.
So bring it back to here.
You should see the username there again.